# Understanding the Javascript Flag Cleanup Tool

## Purpose
This guide will help you understand what the example properties.json file looks like, what each part does, and how to begin writing your own custom flag cleanup rules.

This section is for Javascript. If you are using Go or Java please read the [Go and Java Docs](./1_understanding_rules.md).

## Time Required
10 minutes

## Guide
In the javascript demo folder we can see there are only 2 files.

1. examples.js - this contains our code, in a real repository we could have hundreds of files in nested folders, only some (or none) of which contain references to the feature flag we want to remove. This is fine, most files won't have any reference to the feature flag being removed and will safely be ignored. Similarly, if the flag doesn't exist at all no changes will be made and all files ignored.
2. config/properties.json This file defines how we find the feature flag references. Basically we need to inform the tool what we want to cleanup from our codebase and how to find it. This is required because our example uses functions like: isEnabled("STALE_FLAG"). While your codebase may use a different api.

Lets take a look at the properties.json file to see what each section does:

```json
{
  "methodProperties": [
    {
      "methodName": "isEnabled",
      "flagType": "treated",
      "argumentIndex": 0
    },
    {
      "methodName": "doSomething",
      "flagType": "treated",
      "argumentIndex": 0
    },
    {
      "methodName": "isToggleDisabled",
      "flagType": "treated",
      "argumentIndex": 0
    }
  ]
}
```

* "methodProperties" is just an array of the methods your code uses to check flag values
  * "methodName" is the name of the method that you want Piranha to check
  * "flagType" is a piranha concept that we don't make use of at Harness. You are safe to label all of your methods as "treated"
  * "argumentIndex" is where in the argument list the flag name is used. eg. doSomething("STALE_FLAG") will have an index of 0, whereas isToggleDisabled(someOtherArgument, "STALE_FLAG") would have an index of 1.


